Mixxx 2.4.2 Release Announcement (#368)
mixxxdj/website: content/news/XXXX-XX-XX-mixxx-2.4.2-released.md

title: Mixxx 2.4.2 Release Announcement
authors: Evelynne Veys

> tags: update, 2.4.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: 2.4, 2.4.2, release announcement
```
Tags must be used consistent, otherwise they don't work.

comments: yes
status: draft

#### Winter and Summer are coming

Contrasts.
As the leaves fall and the first snowflakes start drifting down in the North, while the southern skies start warming up

> with summer sun, we are thrilled to finally release Mixxx 2.4.2! Finally because a bit later than planned, perfection

Reviewer 2: tripped me up during reading because I thought it was part of the sentence instead of basically quoting the earlier one.
```suggestion
with summer sun, we are thrilled to finally release Mixxx 2.4.2! "Finally" because a bit later than planned, perfection
```

Author: if it makes it easier to read...

can take some time. So we are proud to present you this release, a major bugfix-release for the 2.4 series before
stepping over to a new number.
Don't be scared, development won't hibernate.

#### Testing and translating

> A special thank you to everyone who takes the time to test alpha and beta versions, to who report issues and proposes and to those

Reviewer 2: right @ywwg?
```suggestion
A special thank you to everyone who takes the time to test alpha and beta versions, to who report issues and proposals and to those
```

Author: suits me

title: Mixxx 2.4.2 Release Announcement
authors: Evelynne Veys
tags: update, 2.4.2
comments: yes
status: draft

#### Winter and Summer are coming

Contrasts.
As the leaves fall and the first snowflakes start drifting down in the North, while the southern skies start warming up
with summer sun, we are thrilled to finally release Mixxx 2.4.2! Finally because a bit later than planned, perfection
can take some time. So we are proud to present you this release, a major bugfix-release for the 2.4 series before
stepping over to a new number.
Don't be scared, development won't hibernate.

#### Testing and translating

A special thank you to everyone who takes the time to test alpha and beta versions, to who report issues and proposes and to those

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

who propose features and improvements. Your feedback is invaluable.
A lot of new users and contributors have joined our community the past months, we'd like to welcome them all, spin it up,
your energy and fresh ideas have already left a mark.
Everybody can contribute to Mixxx. Did you remark an error on the website, an incomplete subject in the manual, an error in translation?
[Contribute](https://mixxx.org/get-involved/).

#### Treasure hunt

When you dive in the code to add a feature or when you are looking for a function when want to customize a mapping,
you can discover small little snippets, real pearls, the intensive work of someone to make a function smooth, to let a conversio
work some milliseconds faster, to offer a conversion of a value to another without having to write it all over again.
For all these little snippets, for all these forgotton pearls: thank you to all who ever contributed.

#### What's in the 2.4.2-bag?

All new and shiny: [the complete changelog 2.4.2](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/blob/2.4/CHANGELOG.md)
This new stable release can be downloaded from the [Download page](https://mixxx.org/download/).

> Problems that were solved:
> * Handle not supported files when dragging to waveforms and spinnies

Reviewer 2: lists are usually surrounded by blank lines. Does that fix the issue?
```suggestion
Problems that were solved:

* Handle not supported files when dragging to waveforms and spinnies
```

Author: Thank you very much, I feel so stupid... but I 'll never forget

Reviewer 2: No worries ;)

title: Mixxx 2.4.2 Release Announcement
authors: Evelynne Veys
tags: update, 2.4.2
comments: yes
status: draft

#### Winter and Summer are coming

Contrasts.
As the leaves fall and the first snowflakes start drifting down in the North, while the southern skies start warming up
with summer sun, we are thrilled to finally release Mixxx 2.4.2! Finally because a bit later than planned, perfection
can take some time. So we are proud to present you this release, a major bugfix-release for the 2.4 series before
stepping over to a new number.
Don't be scared, development won't hibernate.

#### Testing and translating

> A special thank you to everyone who takes the time to test alfa and beta versions, to who report issues and proposes and to those

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A special thank you to everyone who takes the time to test alpha and beta versions, to who report issues and proposes and to those

```

who propose features and improvements. Your feedback is invaluable.
A lot of new users and contributors have joined our community the past months, we'd like to welcome them all, spin it up,
your energy and fresh ideas have already left a mark.

> Everybody can contribute to Mixxx. Did you remark an error on the website, an incomplete subject in the manual, an error in translation?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Everybody can contribute to Mixxx. Did you find an error on the website, an incomplete subject in the manual, an error in translation?

```

[Contribute](https://mixxx.org/get-involved/).

#### Treasure hunt

> When you dive in the code to add a feature or when you are looking for a function when want to customize a mapping,
> you can discover small little snippets, real pearls, the intensive work of someone to make a function smooth, to let a conversio
> work some milliseconds faster, to offer a conversion of a value to another without having to write it all over again.
> For all these little snippets, for all these forgotton pearls: thank you to all who ever contributed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When you dive into the code to add a feature or when you are looking for a function when you want to customize a mapping,
you can discover small little snippets, real pearls, the intensive work of someone to make a function smoother, to let an algorithm
work some milliseconds faster, to offer a conversion of a value to another without having to write it all over again.
For all these little snippets, for all these forgotten pearls: thank you to all who ever contributed.

```

  [#13676](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/issues/13676)
  [#13702](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/issues/13702)
  [#13703](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13703)
* Track menu: Avoid crash and UX issues with track nullptr
  [#13685](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13685)
* Disable Properties shortcut in Computer feature views
  [#13698](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13698)
* Overview waveform: Add tooltip info about left-click dragging
  [#13739](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13739)
* Make `hotcue_focus_color_next`/`_prev` COs `ControlPushButton`s to allow direct mappings
  [#13764](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13764)
* Scaled svg cache to speed up drawing in hidpi mode
  [#13679](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13679)
* Update to libdjinterop 0.22.1 for Enigine Prime 4.0.1 support
  [#13790](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13790)
* HID: Avoid repeated error messages from hid_write()/hid_read() in case of errors
  [#13692](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13692)
  [#13660](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/issues/13660)
* Fix unnecessary painting with covers in library
  [#13715](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13715)

> Controller Mappings that needed an update:
> 
> * Denon MC7000: Fix star up/down logic by only handling button down events
>   [#13588](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13588)
> * Korg Kaoss DJ: Update script
>   [#12683](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/12683)
> * MIDI for light: Fix unsound timer handling
>   [#13117](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13117)
> * Novation Dicer: Remove flanger mapping with quickeffect toggle
>   [#13196](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13196)
>   [#13134](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/issues/13134)
> * Novation Launchpad X: Fix detection on macOS
>   [#13691](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13691)
>   [#13633](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/issues/13633)
> * Numark PartyMix: Fix EQ (script binding) display name
>   [#13255](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13255)
> * Numark Scratch: Add initial mapping
>   [#4834](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4834)
>   [#13375](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13375)
> * Pioneer DDJ-400 and DDJ-FLX4: Remove tap beat mapping to resolve conflict with toggle quantize
>   [#13815](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13815)
>   [#13813](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/issues/13813)
> * Reloop Beatmix 2/4: Fix eject button and jog LED being lit on track unload
>   [#13601](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13601)
>   [#13605](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13605)
> * Reloop Mixage MK1, MK2, Controller Edition: Add initial mapping
>   [#12296](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/12296)
> * Sony SIXAXIS: Fix mapping
>   [#13319](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13319)

Reviewer 4: one option for this section is just to list the updated mappings: 

```suggestion
Updated Controller Mappings: Denon MC7000, Korg Kaoss DJ, Novation Dicer, Novation Launchpad X, Numark PartyMix and Scratch, Pioneer DDJ-400 and DDJ-FLX4, Reloop Beatmix 2/4, Mixage MK1 and MK2, Sony SIXAXIS
```

Author: I think that's a good idea,  what do others think?
OK done

title: Mixxx 2.4.2 Release Announcement
authors: Evelynne Veys
tags: update, 2.4.2
comments: yes
status: draft

#### Winter and Summer are coming

Contrasts.
As the leaves fall and the first snowflakes start drifting down in the North, while the southern skies start warming up
with summer sun, we are thrilled to finally release Mixxx 2.4.2! Finally because a bit later than planned, we would like

> to apologize for the delay but we can't release a non-prefect version. This release is a major bugfix-release for the

Reviewer 5: no need to apologize, let's be proud instead.

Author: fixed

Reviewer 5: This paragraph is now partially duplicated.

Author: still busy, deleted all website on my harddrive to see if that would solve , made another pr still no bulletlist....

* Novation Dicer: Remove flanger mapping with quickeffect toggle
  [#13196](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13196)
  [#13134](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/issues/13134)
* Novation Launchpad X: Fix detection on macOS
  [#13691](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13691)
  [#13633](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/issues/13633)
* Numark PartyMix: Fix EQ (script binding) display name
  [#13255](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13255)
* Numark Scratch: Add initial mapping
  [#4834](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/4834)
  [#13375](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13375)
* Pioneer DDJ-400 and DDJ-FLX4: Remove tap beat mapping to resolve conflict with toggle quantize
  [#13815](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13815)
  [#13813](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/issues/13813)
* Reloop Beatmix 2/4: Fix eject button and jog LED being lit on track unload
  [#13601](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13601)
  [#13605](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13605)
* Reloop Mixage MK1, MK2, Controller Edition: Add initial mapping
  [#12296](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/12296)
* Sony SIXAXIS: Fix mapping

>   [#13319](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/13319)

Reviewer 5: My original idea was to pint out only a few highlights. 
But I don't have a strong opinion here ...

Author: I am not good in selecting, I tried something like  controller 1 [pr] / controller 2 [pr]...
but that doesn't work, not readable.
I swapped controllers and fixes...
